Removed top of "Processing Signals" (#193)
dcdpr/did-btc1: chapters/Beacons.md

### Processing Signals

#### Process Singleton Beacon Signal

Given:

> * `hashBytes` - required, the hash bytes retrieved from the transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `signalBytes` - required, the bytes retrieved from the last ::UTXO:: of the ::Beacon Signal::
```
